---
layout: post
title: Hockey
date: 2017-10-26T19:55:39.839Z
thumbnail: null
exclude_sub_header: 'true'
---
As aforementioned in my “About,” my website will have a lot of basketball; however, hockey is right up there for sports that fuel my passion. 

No, I haven’t suited up for any school team or travel team. No, I haven’t hit the ice on Sunday morning at 8 a.m. two hours away from home. And no, I haven’t tallied a hat trick like the other Patrick has. The one that’s #88 and a winger for the Chicago Blackhawks. 

But I love the game. All the hours I’ve spent watching hockey definitely make up for all the hours I’ve missed enjoying the game on the ice. It’s too bad basketball was always the same season as hockey. I simply could not do both. 

Luckily I have pond hockey during the winter months, and cousins that have showed me how to play the beautiful sport. 

Hockey’s biggest stage in America is the NHL, and it’s a league growing rapidly in our country. The talent is through the roof, playoff ratings are on the rise, and sports fans are finally marking hockey on their calendars. 

When I religiously began following the NHL, I was 10 years old. 2008. The Detroit Red Wings won the Stanley Cup, edging the Pittsburgh Penguins. Fast forward one year. 2009. Same two teams, but this time the Penguins were on the winning side. I thought to myself, “Man this hockey stuff is fun, but I wonder if my home city will ever be good.”

While the White Sox were tearing it up in 2005, I vividly remember going to Hawks games in Chicago with my dad, being able to migrate towards the 100 level with ease. The hawks were bad; so bad, that they weren’t even on local television. 
